

# 英语新闻一起读20

今天的新闻来自BBC,看看他们是怎么评价中国用户的吧。

Free Windows 10 upgrade for China pirates(盗版者; 侵犯版权者)

bbc.co.uk | 三月 18

Microsoft is keen to get Chinese people using legitimate versions of its software. Chinese people using pirated versions of Microsoft Windows will be able to get a free upgrade to Windows 10.

★keen:  热衷的，渴望的，热切的≈eager keen to do sth.

Microsoft is making the upgrade available to anyone running Windows 7 or above in China to help boost(促进) adoption of its software in the nation.

★adopt→adoption

Windows 10 is set to go on general release in the summer of this year.
The upgrade from Windows 7, 8.1 and Windows Phone 8.1 devices will also be available globally.

★release：发布；上映；表达，发泄

device：装备，设备→equipment；furniture；facility

"We are upgrading all qualified PCs, genuine and non-genuine, to Windows 10," Terry Myerson, head of Microsoft's operating systems unit, told the news agency. There were "hundreds of millions" of people in China it could reach with the initiative, he said.

★genuine：真的；真诚的

The software company has signed deals with giant Chinese PC maker Lenovo, social media firm Tencent and security firm Qihoo 360 to help with the rollout. Microsoft is also working with Chinese mobile-phone maker Xiaomi on a test version of Windows 10 that people will be able to run on their smartphone.

★rollout：an occasion when a company introduces or starts to use a new product.新产品发布会；新产品的推出

China has been a notorious(声名狼藉的) hotspot for pirated software despite ongoing government efforts to make people use legitimate versions of popular programs. About 74% of the commercial software used in China is pirated, according to an annual study by the BSA - an industry group that tracks the use of unlicensed software.

The same study suggests global piracy rates are currently running at about 43%.

★hotspot:热点；license:执照，许可证

annual:年度的，一年一次的。an annual report.年度报告。