# 英语新闻一起读15

标题 Oscars 2015: Politics take centre stage     

（2015年的奥斯卡:政治站在了舞台中央）

The 2015 Oscars was more notable for impassioned（充满激情的） speeches than the glitz and glamour.

This year's Oscars may not have contained any big surprises, but it is likely to be remembered as the one where politics took centre stage.

Some commentators(评论员) are wondering if it might be the most politically-charged Oscars ceremony ever.

Host Neil Patrick Harris set the ball rolling when he used his opening line（开场白） to refer to #OscarsSoWhite debate.

"Tonight we honour Hollywood's best and whitest - sorry, brightest," he quipped.（种族歧视问题: whitest 隐含白人最多 ）

The controversy （争议）over the lack of diversity had begun when it transpired all of this year's 20 acting nominees（被提名者） were white, with British star David Oyelowo a notable snub.

★beyond(或without)controversy： 无可争议。

And, after the Sony Pictures email hack revealed that Jennifer Lawrence and Amy Adams earned significantly less than their male co-stars, Patricia Arquette used her best supporting actress（最佳女演员） speech to call for equal rights for women.（涉及男女平等问题）

"To every woman who gave birth, to every taxpayer and citizen of this nation, we have fought for everybody else's equal rights. It's our time to have wage equality once and for all and equal rights for women in the United States of America."

Racial equality（种族平等） themes returned when Common and John Legend performed the Oscar-winning Glory from civil rights drama Selma - giving the film its only award of the night.

Oyelowo, who plays Martin Luther King in the film, cried during the performance（表演）.
Glory, from the film Selma, won the Oscar for best original song
Picking up his Oscar, Legend said: "We wrote this song for a film that was based on events that were 50 years ago but we say that Selma is now because the struggle for justice is right now."

He went on: "We live in the most incarcerated country in the world. There are more black men under correctional control（纠正系统，指监狱） today than were under slavery in 1850."
Asked about his speech in the press room（新闻发布会）, Legend said incarceration（监狱） "disproportionately" affected black and brown communities（社区；团体）.

"And so when we think about equality and freedom and justice, we know we've got more work to do."

Mental health issues （心里健康话题）also came up. Julianne Moore won best actress for her role as a woman with early-onset Alzheimer's.

"So many people with this disease feel isolated（孤立的） and marginalized（边缘化的） and one of the wonderful things about movies is it makes us feel seen and not alone," she said. "And people with Alzheimer's （阿尔茨海默病→老年痴呆）deserve to be seen, so that we can find a cure."

Accepting the Oscar for documentary short, Crisis Hotline: Veterans Press 1, co-director Dana Perry called for greater awareness of suicide（自杀）. She dedicated the award to her son who killed himself at the age of 15.

★dedicate sth. to sb.把某物奉献给某人

Perhaps the most emotionally-charged（令人情感上受到冲击的） speech of the night came from Graham Moore, who won best adapted screenplay for The Imitation Game. On stage, he revealed on（揭示） stage he had attempted to kill himself aged 16 because he "felt weird".

"Now I'm standing here and so, I would like for this moment to be for that kid out there who feels like she's weird or she's different or she doesn't fit in anywhere. Yes, you do. I promise you do. You do. Stay weird（怪异的）."

Moore told the BBC backstage that he had wanted to use his 45 seconds on stage "to say something meaningful".