# 英语新闻一起读18

8 Great Entrepreneurial Success Stories

作者：Steve Tobak, entrepreneur.com

(注:这篇文章非常有价值，议论部分有很多用法和固定搭配值得记忆学习，举例部分可以灵活提炼加工并作为写作素材积累！)

It never ceases(停止) to amaze me how much time people waste searching endlessly for magic shortcuts (捷径)to entrepreneurial(企业家的) success and fulfilment(成就) when(而) the only real path is staring them right in the face: real entrepreneurs who start real businesses that employ real people who provide real products and services to real customers.

★stare sb. in the face:当某人或某事 stare you in the face 的时候，比喻什么事情很明显，就在眼前。

例句 If we stay calm in a crisis we might find out that the way out of it is staring us in the face.

Yes, I know that’s hard. It's a lot of work. What can I say, that’s life. Besides, look on the bright side: You get to do what you want and you get to do it your way. There’s just one catch. You’ve got to start somewhere. Ideas and opportunities don’t just materialize out of thin air.

★bright side：好的一面

★catch: n 陷阱，隐藏的困难

★materialize：v 实现

★out of thin air：无中生有地；凭空

The only way I know to get started is by learning a marketable skill and getting to work. In my experience, that’s where the ideas, opportunities, partners, and finances always seem to come from. Sure, it also takes an enormous amount of hard work, but that just comes with the territory.

★come/go with the territory:是难免的事;是必然的事 (英文释义： If you say that something comes with the territory, you mean that you accept it as a natural result of the situation you are in.)

If you want to do entrepreneurship right, here are eight stories you’ve probably never heard about companies you’ve most definitely heard of.


As I always say, the world is full of infinite(无限的) possibilities and countless opportunities, but your life and career are finite, meaning you have limited time to find what you’re searching for and make your mark on the world. This is your time. It’s limited so don’t waste it. Find something you like to do and just do it. That’s how real entrepreneurs always start.

★countless≈infinite： 无限的